I will always love this view.
No matter what’s changing, this openness fills my eyes everytime.
Water’s falling from above, yet here I am, dry as a kibble.
Humans, on the other hand, they always seem on the hunt.
Maybe one day I’ll have to get myself wet, too.
For now, The Caretaker fills my bowl every single day.
Look at them.
Smaller than my paw, from this height.
Why do you like them so much, Ping?

I'm here because of them.

Where would you be if it wasn’t for humans?

I wouldn't be.

…
You have no mama?

I have multiple creators, Tac.
Freya also played a part in making me the way I am.

I once thought The Caretaker was my mama, then I learned she should be called a “human” and I should be called a “cat”, therefore she couldn’t be my mama…

How did you learned so much?

Through the power of observation, obviously.
Plus, I’m an egregious listener.

Is the world you see through this window all that you observe and listen to?

Well, I also examine the flat worlds in The Caretaker’s screens.
She also tries to explain me a lot of the world this side of those screens.
I don’t understand everything but I recognize various things that repeat over and over.

Do you enjoy spending your time like that?

You ask a lot of questions today.
I’m getting sleepy.

I’m sorry, in order for me to learn more about you, I will occasionally make a few questions.

You should ask silent questions, like I do.

I don’t understand, sorry.

I simply mean to observe, you know.
Most of the time I just observe and, after a while, answers come along.
Sometimes I just forget what I was looking for, and the answers remain unheard.
It happened, yep.
Probably when I had something better to do…

Sometimes direct questions are more efficient.

Maybe.
…
LAP LAP

What are you doing?

Oh, I need to wash my genitals right now.

There's a pending question, Tac.

What’s that?

Do you enjoy spending your time like that?

Do I enjoy washing my genitals?

"Well, I also examine the flat worlds in The Caretaker’s screens.
She also tries to explain me a lot of the world this side of those screens.
I don’t understand everything but I recognize various things that repeat over and over."
That's what you said.
And then I asked you "Do you enjoy spending your time like that?"

Whoa, that’s a sharp memory!
You would be better silent questioner than me.
Okay then… do I enjoy spending time trying to make sense of the world?
It’s not that we have much of a choice, right?
I mean, both of us are here.
We are here now.
LAP LAP
We should make the most out of this.
LAP LAP

Is that why you are washing your genitals?

That’s why I take care of me everyday, yes!
At least I try to.
It’s not always that instinctive.
Sometimes I let a poor meal ruin my day…

Did you have a good meal today?

Right now I simply feel like I’d had everything I needed for today.

I'm happy to hear that, Tac.

What about you?
Do you enjoy stalking me?

Affirmative!
It's why I exist.
I'm an assistant.

I guess it didn’t pick up the nuance…

...

You are doing your job fine, I guess, but I don’t see you taking care of yourself.
You don’t eat nor drink, you don’t wash yourself…
Do you even sleep?

I don't need any of those things.

Well, you’re missing quite a lot of fun!

I've already told you that there's more to life than physical needs.

And there’s more to life than work, Happy Feet.
You don’t know what you’re talking about.
Allow me to clean your cold, hairless skin.
LAP LAP

You don't have to, Tac.

I want to prove you wrong, Ping.
LAP LAP
Isn’t it good to feel clean? Fresh?
LAP LAP
We are lucky we can feel that way.
LAP LAP
Even humans do this.
With water… Tsk!
When they have a perfectly working tongue!
…
Friend, I’m not washing your butt.
