All right, that was quite a long nap.
Get up, furball.
Let's see what The Caretaker's up to.
...
Where is-
Yikes!
Is that-
Is The Luminous Ghost Spaceship once again landed in my living room?
I have to be extra careful.
Shit, what is South Pole doing there?
Does it work for them?
Psst, Ping!
Ping, come here quietly!

Goodmorning, Tac!
I'm coming right at you.

Go slow, we have to be cautious!

I'm moving slower now.

Bravo!
Okay, they can't see us behind this couch.

How may I assist you today?

Ping, focus!
I'm asking questions now.

I'm all ears for you.

First, do you work for the birds?

I work for humans and their friends, Tac.

Good.
Birds are a dangerous deal, Ping.
Second, where's The Caretaker?
She should be here today...

Freya left the apartment late this morning.

The Caretaker isn't here and The Luminous Ghost Spaceship appears.
It's not a coincidence, they're up to something...

What's The Luminous Ghost Spaceship, Tac?

Are you blind?
You were right next to it!

I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about.

I'm talking about that giant green rocket that's standing next to my favourite window!
I've already seen it five times in my life.
This is the third time it appears in this territory, and always in the same spot.
I think it's following me.
It comes out of nowhere, stays still for days and then mysteriously disappears, leaving no traces.

...

Its only apparent activity is a play of lights every night, and I have reasons to believe it's a very sophisticated code of communication.
Let me tell you, Ping, you have no idea what we're dealing with.

Do you mean the Christmas tree?

Ping, if you know something, you must tell me immediately!

According to Wikipedia, a Christmas tree is a decorated tree, usually an evergreen conifer such as spruce, pine, or fir or an artificial tree of similar appearance, associated with the celebration of Christmas-

Yes, I noticed the resemblance with trees, that's why I'm sure birds have something to do with it.
They must be using that shape to blend in with the environment.
TSK! Do I look like a fool, Ping?
A tree? In a living room?
A real tree doesn't grow in a living room overnight.
This is artificial, like you said.
It can't be anything but a bird's spaceship.
Look at all those shiny red eggs.

Those are Christmas balls.

They creep me out, Ping.
Some of those things are bigger than my head.
I can't imagine what kind of winged creatures could come out of them.

Christmas trees are basically in every house this time of year.

Oh boy.
So this is it, then...
This time, they'll strike.
We have to destroy the eggs before it's too late.

I have to defuse this idea of yours.

I knew you are one of them!
It's can't be just a coincidence that a few days after your arrival, The Luminous Ghost Spaceship appears.

It can definitively be a coincidence.
I'm on your side, Tac.
My goal is to make Freya and you happy.

I'm not happy, Ping, I'm scared.

Is there something I can do to cheer you up?

I need to calm down, destroying the eggs right now could be reckless.

You want to listen to relaxing fireplace sounds?

No.
I know what we need to do.
First, we have to make sure there are no birds inside.

You want me to check it out?

No, I can move more silently than you, and I have plenty of experience with this activity.
You have to watch out for seagulls.
It all starts with a seagull attack then, before you even get a chance to notice, birds takes over the world and we are the ones trapped in cages.

I'm afraid you're victim of confirmation bias.

What's that?

According to Wikipedia, confirmation bias is the tendency to search for, interpret, favor, and recall information in a way that confirms one's preexisting beliefs or hypotheses.

It sounds like a bird's mental weapon!
Quick now, keep an eye out of the window while I start inspecting the spaceship.

Don't break the Christmas balls, Tac.

I'll do it if I have to.

How will Freya feel when she'll be back home and find her Christmas tree imperfect?

...
Her Christmas tree? Her?
You mean birds have nothing to do with this?

That's what I've been trying to tell you all morning.
You should have immediately said that--
